# 9.9: Patientor backend, step2
Pretty straight-forward, just have to clone the repo and add the proxy configuration to the Front End app `package.json`:

```json
"proxy": "http://localhost:3001"
```

# 9.10: Patientor backend, step3

Nothing too complicated here, just created the `src` folder and moved `index.ts` to that directory.

The most interesting part of the exercise was the exporting of the service's methods and the router.

#JSImports
I opted for using a `named` export in the DiagnoseService, mainly because VSCode can easily recognize what are we referring to when auto-importing and when using IntelliSense. The course opts for using the `default` export approach:

```ts
 export default{
    getDiagnoses
 }
```

This is more cumbersome in my opinion because if you want IntelliSense to help you auto-completing a method's name, you firstly have to write the import yourself. This is because we have to name our import when using it. With the named export approach we can start copying the method's name and VSCode will auto-import the service and auto-complete the method's name.

# 9.11: Patientor backend, step4

After the previous exercise this one was pretty straightforward, the only hiccup was that we hadn't installed CORS. We also created a new Type using the [[Fullstack Course#Utility Types | utility]] `Omit` in order to remove the `ssn` field, a sensitive field, from the response.

```ts
export interface Patient {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  dateOfBirth: string;
  ssn: string;
  gender: string;
  occupation: string;
}

export type NonSensitivePatientsData = Omit<Patient, 'ssn'>;
```

# 9.12: Patientor backend, step5

I just had an small issue with the type of the uuid library, but they went away after reloading VSCode. I think that restarting VSCode after installing Types should be a standard practice.

# 9.13: Patientor backend, step6

We just basically follow the parsing of the fields detailed in [[9c Typing an Express app#Receiving data from external sources (client data)]]. I just had a small issue with Prettier not liking the type predicate in the `isGender` function. I just added a new prettier config file.